Refactored the measurements package to support external use (#841)
kube-burner/kube-burner: docs/measurements/index.md

```

With the configuration snippet above, the measurement `podLatency` would use the local indexer for timeseries metrics and opensearch for the quantile metrics.

## Additional Custom Measurements

kube-burner already implements core measurements. Additionally the `measurements` package exports interfaces, helper functions, and struct types to allow external consumers to implement custom measurements, interact with the measurement framework, and reuse common components.

Additional measurement code has to -

> 1. implement functions in MeasurementFactory and Measurement interfaces
> 2. define a new function of type NewMeasurementFactory in map[string]measurements.NewMeasurementFactory. Then pass it to workload helper's RunWithAdditionalVars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Implement the Measurement interface
2. Create a new measurement factory with the previous and pass it as argument to RunWithAdditionalVars.
```
